I idolize a particular hero of my faith, and constantly refer to that person's deeds and example.
I can find common ground between the fiercest enemies, empathizing with them and always working toward peace.
I see omens in every event and action. The gods try to speak to us, we just need to listen.
Nothing can shake my optimistic attitude.
I quote (or misquote) sacred texts and proverbs in almost every situation.
I've enjoyed fine food, drink, and high society among my temple's elite. Rough living grates on me.
I've spent so long in the temple that I have little practical experience dealing with people in the outside world.
The ancient traditions of worship and sacrifice must be preserved and upheld.
I always try to help those in need, no matter what the personal cost.
We must help bring about the changes the gods are constantly working in the world.
I hope to one day rise to the top of my faith's religious hierarchy.
I trust that my deity will guide my actions. I have faith that if I work hard, things will go well.
I seek to prove myself worthy of my god's favor by matching my actions against his or her teachings.
I would die to recover an ancient relic of my faith that was lost long ago.
I will someday get revenge on the corrupt temple hierarchy who branded me a heretic.
I owe my life to the priest who took me in when my parents died.
Everything I do is for the common people.
I will do anything to protect the temple where I served.
I seek to preserve a sacred text that my enemies consider heretical and seek to destroy.
I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely.
I put too much trust in those who wield power within my temple's hierarchy.
My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my god.
I am inflexible in my thinking.
I am suspicious of strangers and expect the worst of them.
Once I pick a goal, I become obsessed with it to the detriment of everything else in my life.
I prefer the company of those who aren't like me, including people of other races.
I'm a stickler when it comes to observing proper etiquette and local customs.
I would rather observe than meddle.
By living among violent people, I have become desensitized to violence.
I would risk life and limb to discover a new culture or unravel the secrets of a dead one.
When I arrive at a new settlement for the first time, I must learn all its customs.
I want to be the first person to discover a lost culture.
One must not interfere with the affairs of another culture - even one in need of aid.
By understanding other races and cultures, we learn to understand ourselves.
Common people crave strong leadership, and I do my utmost to provide it.
I must do everything possible to save a society facing extinction.
Life is cruel. What's the point in saving people if they're going to die anyway?
My mentor gave me a journal filled with lore and wisdom. Losing it would devastate me.
Having lived among the people of a primeval tribe or clan, I long to return and see how they are faring.
Years ago, tragedy struck the members of an isolated society I befriended, and I will honor them.
I want to learn more about a particular humanoid culture that fascinates me.
I seek to avenge a clan, tribe, kingdom, or empire that was wiped out.
I have a trinket that I believe is the key to finding a long-lost society.
Boats make me seasick.
I talk to myself, and I don't make friends easily.
I believe that I'm intellectually superior to people from other cultures and have much to teach them.
I complain about everything.
I wear a tribal mask and never take it off.
I love a good puzzle or mystery
I'm a pack rat who never throws anything away.
Fame is more important to me than money.
I have no qualms about stealing from the dead.
I'm happier in a dusty old tomb than I am in the centers of civilization.
Traps don't make me nervous. Idiots who trigger traps make me nervous.
I might fail, but I will never give up.
You might think I'm a scholar, but I love a good brawl. These fists were made for punching.
That artifact belongs in a museum.
I won't risk my life for nothing. I expect some kind of payment.
Nothing is more exhilarating than a narrow escape from the jaws of death.
The dead and their belongings deserve to be treated with respect.
All of my exploring is part of a plan to find the secret of everlasting life.
With every great discovery comes grave danger. The two walk hand in hand.
Ever since I was a child, I've heard stories about a lost city. I aim to find it, learn its secrets, and earn my place in the history books.
I want to find my mentor, who disappeared on an expedition some time ago.
I have a friendly rival. Only one of us can be the best, and I aim to prove it's me.
I won't sell an art object or other treasure that has historical significance or is one of a kind.
I'm secretly in love with the wealthy patron who sponsors my archaeological exploits.
I hope to bring prestige to a library, a museum, or a university.
I have a secret fear of some common wild animal - and in my work, I see them everywhere.
I can't leave a room without searching it for secret doors.
When I'm not exploring dungeons or ruins. I get jittery and impatient.
I have no time for friends or family. I spend every waking moment thinking about and preparing for my next expedition.
When given the choice of going left or right, I always go left.
I can't sleep except in total darkness.
I feel most at peace during physical exertion, be it exercise or battle.
I don't like to sit idle.
I have a daily exercise routine that I refuse to break.
Obstacles exist to be overcome.
When I see others struggling, I offer to help.
I love to trade banter and gibes.
Anything worth doing is worth doing best.
I get irritated if people praise someone else and not me.
I strive to test myself in all things.
The best part of winning is seeing my rivals brought low.
The strongest bonds are forged through struggle.
I strive to inspire my spectators.
Every game has rules, and the playing field must be level.
Lessons hide in victory and defeat.
My teammates are my family.
I will overcome a rival and prove myself their better.
My mistake got someone hurt. I'll never make that mistake again.
I will be the best for the honor and glory of my home.
The person who trained me is the most important person in my world.
I strive to live up to a specific hero's example.
I indulge in a habit that threatens my reputation or my health.
I'll do absolutely anything to win.
I ignore anyone who doesn't compete and anyone who loses to me.
I have lingering pain from old injuries.
Any defeat or failure on my part is because my opponent cheated.
I must be the captain of any group I join.
I always have a plan for when things go wrong.
I am always calm, no matter what the situation. I never raise my voice or let my emotions control me.
The first thing I do in a new place is note the locations of everything valuable—or where such things could be hidden.
I would rather make a new friend than a new enemy.
I am incredibly slow to trust. Those who seem the fairest often have the most to hide.
I don't pay attention to the risks in a situation. Never tell me the odds.
The best way to get me to do something is to tell me I can't do it.
I blow up at the slightest insult.
I don't steal from others in the trade.
Chains are meant to be broken, as are those who would forge them.
I steal from the wealthy so that I can help people in need.
I will do whatever it takes to become wealthy.
I'm loyal to my friends, not to any ideals, and everyone else can take a trip down the Styx for all I care.
There's a spark of good in everyone.
I'm trying to pay off an old debt I owe to a generous benefactor.
My ill-gotten gains go to support my family.
Something important was taken from me, and I aim to steal it back.
I will become the greatest thief that ever lived.
I'm guilty of a terrible crime. I hope I can redeem myself for it.
Someone I loved died because of a mistake I made. That will never happen again.
When I see something valuable, I can't think about anything but how to steal it.
When faced with a choice between money and my friends, I usually choose the money.
If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.
I have a 'tell' that reveals when I'm lying.
I turn tail and run when things look bad.
An innocent person is in prison for a crime that I committed. I'm okay with that.
I try never to let my judgment become clouded by emotion.
I have infinite patience with the dolts and boors I'm forced to deal with every day.
When I give an order, I expect it to be obeyed.
I just want things the way I like them: neat, orderly, and clean.
No wrongdoing can escape my watchful gaze.
I always say exactly what I mean, no matter how many words it takes to communicate the particular nuance I am attempting to convey.
I'm very literal and don't appreciate metaphor or sarcasm.
I never change my mind once it's made up.
My guild is all that really matters.
The law is meant to ensure that the gears of society turn smoothly and quietly.
The ultimate object of the law is to remove violence from society.
Coercion is a fine way of ensuring that the laws are obeyed.
The law embodies excellence in its precision and detail.
A public display of consequences is an excellent deterrent for other criminals.
I am beholden to a law enforcement officer who captured the criminal who killed my parents, saving me from the same fate.
I hope one day to write the laws, not just enforce them.
I tried and failed to prevent a murder, and I have sworn to find and arrest the perpetrator.
I successfully prevented a murder, and the would-be perpetrator wants me dead.
One of my parents was prominent in the guild, and I resent constantly being compared to that standard.
I've modeled my career after a highly respected public figure, but I fear that my role model might be involved in something illegal.
I'm unable to distinguish between the letter and the spirit of the law.
I seem like a harsh judge to others, but I judge myself most harshly of all.
I have a secret, illegal vice.
I was traumatized by witnessing a crime as a child.
I'm incapable of deception.
I wish I had joined law enforcement, but I fear they'd never accept me.
I fall in and out of love easily, and am always pursuing someone.
I have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
Flattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
I'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
I lie about almost everything, even when there's no reason to.
Sarcasm and insults are my weapons of choice.
I pocket anything I see that might have some value.
I am a free spirit—no one tells me what to do.
I never target people who can't afford to lose a few coins.
I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it.
I never run the same con twice.
Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever.
I'm determined to make something of myself.
I fleeced the wrong person and must work to ensure that this individual never crosses paths with me or those I care about.
I owe everything to my mentor—a horrible person who's probably rotting in jail somewhere.
Somewhere out there, I have a child who doesn't know me. I'm making the world better for him or her.
I come from a noble family, and one day I'll reclaim my lands and title from those who stole them from me.
A powerful person killed someone I love. Someday soon, I'll have my revenge.
I swindled and ruined a person who didn't deserve it. I seek to atone for my misdeeds but might never be able to forgive myself.
I can't resist a pretty face.
I'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
I'm convinced that no one could ever fool me the way I fool others.
I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
I can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
I hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.
I cheat at games of chance.
I forge documents.
I insinuate myself into people's lives to prey on their weakness and secure their fortunes.
I put on new identities like clothes.
I run sleight-of-hand cons on street corners.
I convince people that worthless junk is worth their hard-earned money.
I know a story relevant to almost every situation.
Whenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
I'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that "special someone".
Nobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
I love a good insult, even one directed at me.
I get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
I'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
I change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.
When I perform, I make the world better than it was.
The stories, legends, and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are.
The world is in need of new ideas and bold action.
I'm only in it for the money and fame
I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters.
Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are.
My instrument is my most treasured possession, and it reminds me of someone I love.
Someone stole my precious instrument, and someday I'll get it back.
I want to be famous, whatever it takes.
I idolize a hero of the old tales and measure my deeds against that person's.
I will do anything to prove myself superior to my hated rival.
I would do anything for the other members of my old troupe.
I'll do anything to win fame and renown.
I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
A scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
I once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
I judge people by their actions, not their words.
If someone is in trouble, I'm always ready to lend help.
When I set my mind to something, I follow through no matter what gets in my way.
I have a strong sense of fair play and always try to find the most equitable solution to arguments.
I'm confident in my own abilities and do what I can to instill confidence in others.
Thinking is for other people. I prefer action.
I misuse long words in an attempt to sound smarter.
I get bored easily. When am I going to get on with my destiny?
People deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.
No one should get preferential treatment before the law, and no one is above the law.
Tyrants must not be allowed to oppress the people.
If I become strong, I can take what I want—what I deserve.
There's no good in pretending to be something I'm not.
Nothing and no one can steer me away from my higher calling.
I have a family, but I have no idea where they are. One day, I hope to see them again.
I worked the land, I love the land, and I will protect the land.
A proud noble once gave me a horrible beating, and I will take my revenge on any bully I encounter.
My tools are symbols of my past life, and I carry them so that I will never forget my roots.
I protect those who cannot protect themselves.
I wish my childhood sweetheart had come with me to pursue my destiny.
I'm convinced of the significance of my destiny, and blind to my shortcomings and the risk of failure.
The people who knew me when I was young know my shameful secret, so I can never go home again.
I have a weakness for the vices of the city, especially hard drink.
Secretly, I believe that things would be better if I were a tyrant lording over the land.
I have trouble trusting in my allies.
I believe that anything worth doing is worth doing right. I can't help it—I'm a perfectionist.
I'm a snob who looks down on those who can't appreciate fine art.
I always want to know how things work and what makes people tick.
I'm full of witty aphorisms and have a proverb for every occasion.
I'm rude to people who lack my commitment to hard work and fair play.
I like to talk at length about my profession.
I don't part with my money easily and will haggle tirelessly to get the best deal possible.
I'm well known for my work, and I want to make sure everyone appreciates it. I'm always taken aback when people haven't heard of me.
It is the duty of all civilized people to strengthen the bonds of community and the security of civilization.
My talents were given to me so that I could use them to benefit the world.
Everyone should be free to pursue his or her own livelihood.
I'm only in it for the money.
I'm committed to the people I care about, not to ideals.
I work hard to be the best there is at my craft.
The workshop where I learned my trade is the most important place in the world to me.
I created a great work for someone, and then found them unworthy to receive it. I'm still looking for someone worthy.
I owe my guild a great debt for forging me into the person I am today.
I pursue wealth to secure someone's love.
One day I will return to my guild and prove that I am the greatest artisan of them all.
I will get revenge on the evil forces that destroyed my place of business and ruined my livelihood.
I'll do anything to get my hands on something rare or priceless.
I'm quick to assume that someone is trying to cheat me.
No one must ever learn that I once stole money from guild coffers.
I'm never satisfied with what I have—I always want more.
I would kill to acquire a noble title.
I'm terribly jealous of anyone who can outshine my handiwork. Everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by rivals.
I've been isolated for so long that I rarely speak, preferring gestures and the occasional grunt.
I am utterly serene, even in the face of disaster.
The leader of my community had something wise to say on every topic, and I am eager to share that wisdom.
I feel tremendous empathy for all who suffer.
I'm oblivious to etiquette and social expectations.
I connect everything that happens to me to a grand, cosmic plan.
I often get lost in my own thoughts and contemplation, becoming oblivious to my surroundings.
I am working on a grand philosophical theory and love sharing my ideas.
My gifts are meant to be shared with all, not used for my own benefit.
Emotions must not cloud our sense of what is right and true, or our logical thinking.
Inquiry and curiosity are the pillars of progress.
Meddling in the affairs of others only causes trouble.
If you know yourself, there's nothing left to know.
Nothing is more important than the other members of my hermitage, order, or association.
I entered seclusion to hide from the ones who might still be hunting me. I must someday confront them.
I'm still seeking the enlightenment I pursued in my seclusion, and it still eludes me.
I entered seclusion because I loved someone I could not have.
Should my discovery come to light, it could bring ruin to the world.
My isolation gave me great insight into a great evil that only I can destroy.
Now that I've returned to the world, I enjoy its delights a little too much.
I harbor dark, bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation and meditation failed to quell.
I am dogmatic in my thoughts and philosophy.
I let my need to win arguments overshadow friendships and harmony.
I'd risk too much to uncover a lost bit of knowledge.
I like keeping secrets and won't share them with anyone.
My eloquent flattery makes everyone I talk to feel like the most wonderful and important person in the world.
The common folk love me for my kindness and generosity.
No one could doubt by looking at my regal bearing that I am a cut above the unwashed masses.
I take great pains to always look my best and follow the latest fashions.
I don't like to get my hands dirty, and I won't be caught dead in unsuitable accommodations.
Despite my noble birth, I do not place myself above other folk. We all have the same blood.
My favor, once lost, is lost forever.
If you do me an injury, I will crush you, ruin your name, and salt your fields.
Respect is due to me because of my position, but all people regardless of station deserve to be treated with dignity.
It is my duty to respect the authority of those above me, just as those below me must respect mine.
I must prove that I can handle myself without coddling from my family.
If I can attain more power, no one will tell me what to do.
Blood runs thicker than water.
It is my duty to protect and care for the people beneath me.
I will face any challenge to win the approval of my family.
My house's alliance with another noble family must be sustained at all costs.
Nothing is more important than the other members of my family.
I am in love with the heir of a family that my family despises.
The common folk must see me as a hero of the people.
I secretly believe that everyone is beneath me.
I hide a truly scandalous secret that could ruin my family forever.
I too often hear veiled insults and threats in every word addressed to me, and I'm quick to anger.
I have an insatiable desire for carnal pleasures.
In fact, the world does revolve around me.
By my words and actions, I often bring shame to my family.
I'm driven by a wanderlust that led me away from home.
I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups.
I have a lesson for every situation, drawn from observing nature.
I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry animal.
I'm always picking things up, absently fiddling with them, and sometimes accidentally breaking them.
I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.
I was, in fact, raised by wolves.
Life is like the seasons, in constant change, and we must change with it.
It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe.
If I dishonor myself, I dishonor my whole clan.
The strongest are meant to rule.
The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization.
I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan.
My family, clan, or tribe is the most important thing in my life, even when they are far from me.
An injury to the unspoiled wilderness of my home is an injury to me.
I will bring terrible wrath down on the evildoers who destroyed my homeland.
I am the last of my tribe, and it is up to me to ensure their names enter legend.
I suffer awful visions of a coming disaster and will do anything to prevent it.
It is my duty to provide children to sustain my tribe.
I am too enamored of ale, wine, and other intoxicants.
There's no room for caution in a life lived to the fullest.
I remember every insult I've received and nurse a silent resentment toward anyone who's ever wronged me.
I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies.
Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.
Don't expect me to save those who can't save themselves. It is nature's way that the strong thrive and the weak perish.
I use polysyllabic words that convey the impression of great erudition.
I've read every book in the world's greatest libraries—or I like to boast that I have.
I'm used to helping out those who aren't as smart as I am, and I patiently explain anything and everything to others.
There's nothing I like more than a good mystery.
I'm willing to listen to every side of an argument before I make my own judgment.
I... speak... slowly... when talking... to idiots,... which... almost... everyone... is... compared... to me.
I am horribly, horribly awkward in social situations.
I'm convinced that people are always trying to steal my secrets.
The path to power and self-improvement is through knowledge.
What is beautiful points us beyond itself toward what is true.
Emotions must not cloud our logical thinking.
Nothing should fetter the infinite possibility inherent in all existence.
Knowledge is the path to power and domination.
The goal of a life of study is the betterment of oneself.
It is my duty to protect my students.
I have an ancient text that holds terrible secrets that must not fall into the wrong hands.
I work to preserve a library, university, scriptorium, or monastery.
My life's work is a series of tomes related to a specific field of lore.
I've been searching my whole life for the answer to a certain question.
I sold my soul for knowledge. I hope to do great deeds and win it back.
I am easily distracted by the promise of information.
Most people scream and run when they see a demon. I stop and take notes on its anatomy.
Unlocking an ancient mystery is worth the price of a civilization.
I overlook obvious solutions in favor of complicated ones.
I speak without really thinking through my words, invariably insulting others.
I can't keep a secret to save my life, or anyone else's.
My friends know they can rely on me, no matter what.
I work hard so that I can play hard when the work is done.
I enjoy sailing into new ports and making new friends over a flagon of ale.
I stretch the truth for the sake of a good story.
To me, a tavern brawl is a nice way to get to know a new city.
I never pass up a friendly wager.
I like a job well done, especially if I can convince someone else to do it.
The thing that keeps a ship together is mutual respect between captain and crew.
We all do the work, so we all share in the rewards.
The sea is freedom—the freedom to go anywhere and do anything.
I'm a predator, and the other ships on the sea are my prey.
I'm committed to my crewmates, not to ideals.
Someday, I'll own my own ship and chart my own destiny.
I'm loyal to my captain first, everything else second.
The ship is most important—crewmates and captains come and go.
I'll always remember my first ship.
In a harbor town, I have a paramour whose eyes nearly stole me from the sea.
I was cheated out of my fair share of the profits, and I want to get my due.
Ruthless pirates murdered my captain and crewmates, plundered our ship, and left me to die. Vengeance will be mine.
I follow orders, even if I think they're wrong.
I'll say anything to avoid having to do extra work.
Once someone questions my courage, I never back down no matter how dangerous the situation.
Once I start drinking, it's hard for me to stop.
I can't help but pocket loose coins and other trinkets I come across.
My pride will probably lead to my destruction.
I'm always polite and respectful.
I'm haunted by memories of war. I can't get the images of violence out of my mind.
I've lost too many friends, and I'm slow to make new ones.
I'm full of inspiring and cautionary tales from my military experience relevant to almost every combat situation.
I enjoy being strong and like breaking things.
I have a crude sense of humor.
I face problems head-on. A simple, direct solution is the best path to success.
Our lot is to lay down our lives in defense of others.
I do what I must and obey just authority.
When people follow orders blindly, they embrace a kind of tyranny.
In life as in war, the stronger force wins.
Ideals aren't worth killing over or going to war for.
My city, nation, or people are all that matter.
I would still lay down my life for the people I served with.
Someone saved my life on the battlefield. To this day, I will never leave a friend behind.
My honor is my life.
I'll never forget the crushing defeat my company suffered or the enemies who dealt it.
Those who fight beside me are those worth dying for.
I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves.
The monstrous enemy we faced in battle still leaves me quivering with fear.
I have little respect for anyone who is not a proven warrior.
I made a terrible mistake in battle that cost many lives—and I would do anything to keep that mistake secret.
My hatred of my enemies is blinding and unreasoning.
I obey the law, even if the law causes misery.
I'd rather eat my armor than admit when I'm wrong.
I hide scraps of food and trinkets away in my pockets.
I ask a lot of questions.
I like to squeeze into small places where no one else can get to me.
I sleep with my back to a wall or tree, with everything I own wrapped in a bundle in my arms.
I eat like a pig and have bad manners.
I think anyone who's nice to me is hiding evil intent.
I don't like to bathe.
I bluntly say what others are hinting at or hiding.
All people, rich or poor, deserve respect.
We have to take care of each other, because no one else is going to do it.
The low are lifted up, and the high and mighty are brought down. Change is the nature of things.
The rich need to be shown what life and death are like in the gutters.
I help the people who help me—that's what keeps us alive.
I'm going to prove that I'm worthy of a better life.
My town or city is my home, and I'll fight to defend it.
I sponsor an orphanage to keep others from enduring what I was forced to endure.
I owe my survival to another urchin who taught me to live on the streets.
I owe a debt I can never repay to the person who took pity on me.
I escaped my life of poverty by robbing an important person, and I'm wanted for it.
No one else should have to endure the hardships I've been through.
If I'm outnumbered, I will run away from a fight.
Gold seems like a lot of money to me, and I'll do just about anything for more of it.
I will never fully trust anyone other than myself.
I'd rather kill someone in their sleep than fight fair.
It's not stealing if I need it more than someone else.
People who can't take care of themselves get what they deserve.
I approach every task with the same high degree of military precision.
I am always the first into the fray.
I bear any injury or indignity with stoic discipline.
My righteous wrath is easily inflamed by the slightest iniquity.
My honor is more important to me than my life.
Dangerous work is best accomplished by an orderly group working with common purpose.
I treat my weapons, uniform, and insignia with reverence, for they are gifts of the angels.
I pace when standing and fidget incessantly when forced to sit.
Achieving justice requires establishing fair, equitable, and compassionate relationships within a community.
It isn't right for innocents to suffer because of the arrogance of the powerful.
It is most crucial to act with a single will, marching side by side in perfect accord.
Society functions only if people do their duty and respect the chain of command.
Anything worth doing is worth doing with your whole heart.
I owe my life to the guild captain who took me in when I was living on the streets.
I wield the same weapon my grandparent did, for the honor of our family.
I ran with a gang in my youth, and I'm striving to atone for my past misdeeds.
I do what I can to help out the spouse of a comrade who died in battle.
I act bravely when I'm in a group, but I'm a coward when I'm alone.
I see everything in clear-cut black and white.
I trust the chain of command more than anything—more even than my closest friends.
I'm slow to trust members of other guilds.
I've been known to turn a blind eye to injustice, with the help of a modest bribe.
I will never get out of my famous parent's shadow, and no one else will ever understand this burden.
I've seen enough of the adventuring life to have realistic expectations and empathy for my peers.
Living up to my legacy will be difficult, but I'm going to do it.
I'm used to the very best in life, and that's a hard habit to break.
My parent taught me a sense of duty. I strive to uphold it, even when the odds are against me.
No one can fake a smile, a handshake, or an interested nod like I can.
I've been part of the adventuring life since I was old enough to walk. Let me explain a few things to you.
No risk is too great for the rewards of defeating my enemies... and taking their stuff.
The only way to get ahead in this world is to attain power and hold onto it with all your might.
Those who can find or make peace in the chaotic world around them have everything.
I've seen what fame can bring. And I'll do anything to get all that for myself.
Hard work, sacrifice, and training lead to success—and eventually to perfection.
I want to be successful. And alone. With lots of guards and wards between me and everyone else in the world.
Material wealth is an illusion. Wisdom is the real treasure.
While my parent was out adventuring, a servant raised me, and I care about that person more than anyone.
I consider every member of my parent's former adventuring party to be family.
Despite their absences, my famous parent was kind and generous. I love them and want to make them proud.
My childhood home holds all my best memories, and its upkeep is my primary concern.
Growing up, I had an imaginary friend I could always count on. That friend is still with me.
You don't know what I'm going through. You never can.
You. Fetch my cloak. And maybe rub my feet for a while.
My comrades are brave, but I must defeat this threat alone to prove my worth.
Oh, yeah, that tool? Named after my parent's best friend. Let me tell you about them.
My best days are behind me. Ahead lies only toil, pain, and death.
You have to look out for yourself. No one else will.
I'm good at hiding my true thoughts and feelings.
When I'm in doubt about revealing something, I assume it's a secret, and I don't share it.
I like to sound mysterious, because wisdom hidden grows deeper with time.
I have no patience with people who get in my way.
I love hearing about other people's nightmares.
Combat is meant to be quick, clean, and one-sided.
I like to stick to the shadows.
I never show my anger. I just plot my revenge.
My true guild is all that really matters.
I like pulling the strings.
I collect secrets and never reveal them.
I want to know as much as I can about this city and how it works.
I value the freedom to pursue my own goals without interference.
I don't believe in anything, and anyone who does is a fool.
I discovered a secret I can't let anyone else uncover—including my guild superiors.
I formed a close friendship or romance with someone in the guild I'm infiltrating.
I spend as much time as I can in the Great Library because I'm certain an information hub operates behind its facade. I want its secrets!
I'm utterly loyal to my superior in the guild, more than to the guild or its guildmaster.
Someone has discovered my true identity.
I like secrets so much that I'm reluctant to share details of a plan even with those who need to know.
I would let my friends die rather than reveal my true identity.
I have trouble trusting anyone but myself.
I have a particular vice that puts all my secrets at risk if I'm not careful.
I'm pretty sure I've done something horrible that I can't remember because of the guild's mind magic.
I put too much trust in the people who give me orders.
I'm earnest and uncommonly direct.
I strive to have no personality—it's easier to forget what's hardly there.
I treasure a memento of the person or instance that set me upon my path.
I sleep just as much as I need to and on an unusual schedule.
I think far ahead, a detachedness often mistaken for daydreaming.
I cultivate a single obscure hobby or study and eagerly discuss it at length.
I am ever learning how to be among others—when to stay quiet, when to laugh.
I behave like an extreme opposite of my persona.
Place in society shouldn't determine one's access to what is right.
Doing what must be done can't bring the innocent to harm.
Deception is a weapon. Strike from where your foes won't expect.
My name will be a malediction, a curse that fulfills my will.
Be a symbol, and leave your flawed being behind.
It's my deeds that should be remembered, not their instrument.
I do everything for my family. My first thought is keeping them safe.
What I do, I do for the world. The people don't realize how much they need me.
I've seen too many in need. I must not fail them as everyone else has.
I stand in opposition, lest the wicked go unopposed.
I am exceptional. I do this because no one else can, and no one can stop me.
I do everything for those who were taken from me.
I am callous about death. It comes to us all eventually.
I never make eye contact or hold it unflinchingly.
I have no sense of humor. Laughing is uncomfortable and embarrassing.
I overexert myself, sometimes needing to recuperate for a day or more.
I see morality entirely in black and white.
I didn't have the cutthroat attitude necessary to succeed. I won't make that mistake again.
Even my competitors said I was affable and talented. Those traits should serve me well.
To prosper, you have to be in control.
The customer is always right.
I was cutting corners and breaking deals to maximize profit. That's why I failed.
When I get an idea, I am single-minded in its execution—even if it's a terrible idea.
If I can be everyone's friend, I'll always have support.
Where there's life, there's hope. If I remain alive and flexible, I can succeed.
People helped me when I was down. Now that I'm back on my feet, I'll pay it forward.
Caution got me nowhere in my previous business. I'm not going to let it hold me back now.
With enough coin, I can buy comfort, power, knowledge, and even eternal life. Nothing will stand between me and money.
Too many people consider me a failure. So I need to prove them wrong.
My family means everything to me. I failed them before, and I must not do so again.
My former business partner fell ill, and then our business failed. Part of my new venture involves earning enough to take care of their family.
If I take care of my possessions, they'll take care of me. People come and go, but a tool is something you can always rely on.
Although my business failed, the people of my community were kind to me. I'll do everything in my power to protect them.
I owe a dangerous person a lot of money. As long as they're happy, they let my debt rest unpaid.
Why spend gold here when you can buy the same thing for copper in the next town?
I must have the best of everything. Like, right now.
You haven't heard of me? I'm sure that's because of your ignorance and low breeding.
I failed, but I'm awesome. So when anyone else is successful, it must be because of nepotism, dishonesty, or dumb luck.
I find that most people are trustworthy. Hey, where's my belt pouch?
I have different assumptions from those around me concerning personal space, blithely invading others' space in innocence, or reacting to ignorant invasion of my own.
I have my own ideas about what is and is not food, and I find the eating habits of those around me fascinating, confusing, or revolting.
I have a strong code of honor or sense of propriety that others don't comprehend.
I express affection or contempt in ways that are unfamiliar to others.
I begin or end my day with small traditional rituals that are unfamiliar to those around me.
I have much to learn from the kindly folk I meet along my way.
As someone new to these strange lands, I am cautious and respectful in my dealings.
I'm far from home, and everything is strange and wonderful!
Though I may not know their ways, neither do they know mine, which can be to my advantage.
Everything is new, but I have a thirst to learn.
I must be careful, for I have no way of telling friend from foe here.
So long as I have this token from my homeland, I can face any adversity in this strange land.
I hold no greater cause than my service to my people.
My freedom is my most precious possession. I'll never let anyone take it from me again.
I'm fascinated by the beauty and wonder of this new land.
Though I had no choice, I lament having to leave my loved one(s) behind. I hope to see them again one day.
I am secretly (or not so secretly) convinced of the superiority of my own culture over that of this foreign land.
I pretend not to understand the local language in order to avoid interactions I would rather not have.
I have a weakness for the new intoxicants and other pleasures of this land.
I don't take kindly to some of the actions and motivations of the people of this land, because these folks are different from me.
I have a weakness for the exotic beauty of the people of these lands.
Like a nomad, I can't settle down in one place for very long.
Good music makes me weep like a baby.
Wherever I go, I try to bring a little of the warmth and tranquility of home with me.
I have never lost my childlike sense of wonder.
When I have a new idea, I get wildly excited about it until I come up with another, better idea.
I live by my own set of weird and wonderful rules.
I can't bring myself to trust most adults.
I never leave a friend behind
No creature should be made to suffer.
I prefer to take the less traveled path.
Change is good, which is why I live by an ever-changing set of rules.
A deal is a deal, and I would never break one.
Everything happens in threes. I see the "rule of three" everywhere.
I won't let go of a grudge.
I will do whatever it takes to get what I want, regardless of the harm it might cause.
I would never break my word.
I do what I can to protect the natural world.
A trusted friend is the most important thing in the world to me.
I easily lose track of time. My poor sense of time means I'm always late.
I think the whole world is out to get me.
I'm always operating under a tight timeline, and I'm obsessed with keeping everything on schedule.
I'm a kleptomaniac who covets shiny, sparkling treasure.
I'm forgetful. Sometimes I can't remember even the simplest things.
I never give away anything for free and always expect something in return.
I have many vices and tend to indulge them.
I'm always changing my mind—well, almost always.
I am unmoved by the wrath of nature.
My friends are my crew; we sink or float together.
I need long stretches of quiet to clear my head.
Rich folk don't know the satisfaction of hard work.
I laugh heartily, feel deeply, and fear nothing.
I work hard; nature offers no handouts.
I dislike bargaining; state your price and mean it.
Luck favors me, and I take risks others might not.
Good people make even the longest voyage bearable.
Our luck depends on respecting its rules—now throw this salt over your shoulder.
The richest bounty goes to those who risk everything.
Take all that you can and leave nothing for the scavengers.
Do not fish the same spot twice in a row; suppress your greed, and nature will reward you.
No wave can move a soul hard at work.
I lost something important in the deep sea, and I intend to find it.
Someone else's greed destroyed my livelihood, and I will be compensated.
I will fish the many famous waters of this land.
I must repay my village's debt.
I am judgmental, especially of those I deem homebodies or otherwise lazy.
I become depressed and anxious if I'm away from the sea too long.
I have lived a hard life and find it difficult to empathize with others.
I am inclined to tell long-winded stories at inopportune times.
I work hard, but I play harder.
I am obsessed with catching an elusive aquatic beast, often to the detriment of other pursuits.
I plan for every contingency. Leave nothing to chance!
Every copper wants to be a silver. Each bet is an opportunity.
I'm one of Lady Luck's favored. Anything I try is destined to succeed.
I've lost so much to gambling that I refuse to spend money on anything anymore.
Nothing is certain. Planning is a coward's act.
I can't be sure who I've swindled, cheated, or defeated, so I keep a low profile in public.
The perfect bet is out there somewhere. I just have to keep my eyes open.
I have beaten my addiction, but all it takes is one weak moment and I'll be back at the card table.
Knowledge is power, and knowing which horse to back is the key to success.
Whatever happens is fated, regardless of any planning or striving.
If you want to succeed, you have to take risks.
You can't win if you're dead. Live to fight another day—when the odds might be more in your favor.
When I was in need, I was able to rely on others. Now I want to be the one others rely on.
Winning is the real measure of a person. In the end, the only thing that matters is the scoreboard.
One person in particular owes me a lot of money, and I need to keep them alive if I want to be repaid.
I'm loyal to the friend or family member who taught me how to gamble.
The person who saved me from my gambling addiction is the only reason I'm alive today.
A patron once fronted me money in exchange for a percentage of my winnings. I owe them a debt of gratitude. And a lot of cash.
A criminal syndicate I once played for isn't happy I left the game, and its enforcers are looking for me.
Urchins once helped me find marks for my games. Now I'm driven to help them escape the streets.
I don't know when to quit. Especially when everyone else is telling me to.
I save my sympathy for my friends, and I have no friends.
You think we're in trouble now? Let me tell you how bad things are likely to get!
You can loan me a little, right? I've got a sure thing. I'll double your money, guaranteed.
I was once a terribly flawed person, like you. Let me tell you how you can save yourself.
I'm a great gambler. I'm just bad at math and logic.
Remember, I could kill you in your sleep. Or put centipedes in your bedroll.
I like to remind people of their inevitable demise.
I do my best to discourage anyone from approaching or talking to me.
I have accepted my death. Hence, I don't fear it.
Like roots growing through stone, I am relentless and determined in my action.
I put my knowledge of anatomy to use by narrating the injuries my enemies suffer in grisly detail.
Like a wild animal, I lash out viciously when I'm provoked—and I'm easily provoked.
All of us are part of the cyclical march of nature, which will continue with or without us.
The natural world is more important than the edifices of the city and civilization.
We are all part of nature's web.
Meddling in the affairs of other guilds is a great way to get squashed like a bug.
I have an identical twin who is as different from me as any person could be.
I want to lead one faction of the guild to a new position of dominance.
I found something in the sewer that must never come to light.
I am forever grateful to the one who found me floating facedown in the sewer, moments from death.
Death comes for us all, so you can't expect me to take care of someone who can't fight it off.
I feel a need for revenge against those who enjoy the privilege of living above ground.
I don't bother to couch my opinions in flattering words.
I can't help but pocket any trinket or coin I come across, no matter how worthless.
I'm convinced that I'm better and stronger than members of other guilds, isolated as they are from the realities of life and death.
I love the spotlight. Everyone, look at me!
Give me a drink and I'm your friend.
Talk to me about yourself. I'm a hell of a listener.
I hate to start fights, but I love to finish them.
I can't sit still.
I'm always humming an old tune from my past.
When I don't have a reason to smile, I'm miserable.
I'm lucky like you wouldn't believe.
Tyrants must fall, no matter the cost.
The only way to make a better world is to perform small kindnesses.
A nation built upon just foundations will uphold freedom for all.
Music, joy, and laughter are the keys to freedom.
People should be free to do as they please.
A free people must be carefully taught, lest they be misled.
Music helped me through a dark time in my life. Now, I'll use music to change the world.
I will be known as the greatest spy who ever lived.
All life is precious to me. I know I can change the world without taking a life.
The elite in their ivory towers don't understand how we suffer. I intend to show them.
I've never lied once in my life. What? No, I'm not crossing my fingers!
I do everything big! Subtlety? I don't know the meaning of subtlety! Oh, that's a problem?
I can't focus on my mission. I just want to carouse and sing and play!
I can't afford to trust anyone. Not. Anyone.
Unlike people, the beasts of the wild are friends who won't stab me in the back.
Go ahead and insult me—I dare you.
I scorn those who can't survive away from the comforts of the city.
Don't tell me I'm not allowed to do something.
Laws are for people who are afraid to face their inner beasts.
I smear the blood of my enemies over my skin.
HarrRRAAGGHH! [I rarely form a coherent sentence and prefer to express myself by breaking things.]
My clan is all that really matters.
No person or law or custom can tell another what to do.
We weren't born tame or domesticated, so we shouldn't have to live that way.
The strongest are meant to dominate the weak.
The Old Ways must be preserved and upheld.
I am determined that one day I will lead my clan—or a new one.
I would give my life for my clan chieftain.
The chieftain of another clan has a grudge against me.
I am devoted to a sacred site in the midst of the rubblebelt.
My weapon is made from the first beast I ever hunted.
If you question my courage, I will never back down.
My anger in battle led to the death of a loved one.
I'm as stubborn as any beast.
I'm so convinced of my superiority over soft, civilized people that I'll take great risks to prove it.
I'm easily manipulated by people I find attractive.
I desperately need to get back to someone or someplace, but I lost them in the Mists.
Everything I do is in the service of a powerful master, one I must keep a secret from everyone.
I owe much to my vanished mentor. I seek to continue their work even as I search to find them.
I've seen great darkness, and I'm committed to being a light against it—the light of all lights.
Someone I love has become a monster, murderer, or other threat. It's up to me to redeem them.
The world has been convinced of a terrible lie. It's up to me to reveal the truth.
I deeply miss someone and am quick to adopt people who remind me of them.
A great evil dwells within me. I will fight against it and the world's other evils for as long as I can.
I'm desperately seeking a cure to an affliction or a curse, either for someone close to me for myself.
Spirits are drawn to me. I do all I can to help them find peace.
I use my cunning mind to solve mysteries and find justice for those who've been wronged.
I lost someone I care about, but I still see them in guilty visions, recurring dreams, or as a spirit.
I believe doom follows me and that anyone who gets close to me will face a tragic end.
I'm convinced something is after me, appearing in mirrors, dreams, and places where no one could.
I'm especially superstitious and live life seeking to avoid bad luck, wicked spirits, or the Mists.
I've done unspeakable evil and will do anything to prevent others from finding out.
I am exceptionally credulous and believe any story or legend immediately.
I'm a skeptic and don't believe in the power of rituals, religion, superstition, or spirits.
I know my future is written and that anything I do will lead to a prophesied end.
I need to find the best in everyone and everything, even when that means denying obvious malice.
I've seen the evil of a type of place—like forests, cities, or graveyards—and resist going there.
I'm exceptionally cautious, planning laboriously and devising countless contingencies.
I have a reputation for defeating a great evil, but that's a lie and the wicked force knows.
I know the ends always justify the means and am quick to make sacrifices to attain my goals.
I had an encounter that I believe gives me a special affinity with a supernatural creature or event.
A signature piece of clothing or distinct weapon serves as an emblem of who I am.
I never accept that I'm out of my depth.
I must know the answer to every secret. No door remains unopened in my presence.
I let people underestimate me, revealing my full competency only to those close to me.
I compulsively seek to collect trophies of my travels and victories.
It doesn't matter if the whole world's against me. I'll always do what I think is right.
I have morbid interests and a macabre aesthetic.
I have a personal ritual, mantra, or relaxation method I use to deal with stress.
Nothing is more important than life, and I never leave anyone in danger.
I'm quick to jump to extreme solutions. Why risk a lesser option not working?
I'm easily startled, but I'm not a coward.
I've experienced such strangeness that now I feel alive only in extreme situations.
I strive to counter the deeds of someone for whom I feel responsible.
I've wronged someone and must work their will to avoid their curse.
I believe there is something beyond the world I know, and I need to find it.
I must do something great so that I'm remembered, and my time is running out.
I work vigorously to keep others from realizing my flaws or misdeeds.
I've lived this way for so long that I can't imagine another way.
I owe it to my people, faith, family, or teacher to continue a vaunted legacy.
My life is no longer my own. I must fulfill the dream of someone who's gone.
I need to know what lies beyond the mysteries of death, the world, or the Mists.
I know the forces at work in the world and strive to create islands apart from them.
I care about the truth above all else, even if it doesn't benefit anyone.
A monster that slaughtered dozens of innocent people spared your life, and you don't know why.
You were born under a dark star. You can feel it watching you, coldly and distantly. Sometimes it beckons you in the dead of night.
An apparition that has haunted your family for generations now haunts you. You don't know what it wants, and it won't leave you alone.
Your family has a history of practicing the dark arts. You dabbled once and felt something horrible clutch at your soul, whereupon you fled in terror.
You did terrible things to avenge the murder of someone you loved. You became a monster, and it haunts your waking dreams.
I'm always looking to improve efficiency.
I love to share trivia about my house's business.
I never forget an insult against me or my house.
I'm enthusiastic about everything my house does.
I represent my house and take pride in my looks.
My house serves a vital function, and its prosperity will help everyone.
I uphold the traditions of my house and bring honor to my family.
Abandon old traditions and find better ways to do things.
I want to ensure the prosperity of my house and wield its power myself.
I want to learn all I can, both for my house and for my own curiosity.
I want to ensure that me and mine enjoy the best things in life.
My house is my family. I would do anything for it.
I love someone from another house, but the relationship is forbidden.
Someone I love was killed by a rival faction within my house, and I will have revenge.
I don't care about the house as a whole, but I would do anything for my old mentor.
I'm determined to impress the leaders of my house, and to become a leader myself.
I'm fixated on following official protocols.
My secret could get me expelled from my house.
I'm working for a hidden faction in my house that gives me secret assignments.
I have a hard time staying focused on... oh, and my brain tends to jump from one... did I mention focus?
I get really excited about my ideas and I can't wait to talk about them and start putting them into practice and tinkering with them and I want to tell you about how exciting it all is!
Life's an experiment, and I can't wait to see what happens.
I pepper my speech with the incomprehensible jargon of my trade, like mizzium droplets inserted into a weird-field suspension.
Great ideas are fine, but great results are what counts.
If you can guess what I'm about to do, that means I've run out of imagination.
Half the world's troubles come from stodgy thinking, stuck in the past. We need innovative solutions.
Every experiment has the potential to reveal more secrets of the world.
A rigorous application of logical principles and protocols will lead us toward progress more surely than any belief system.
I love my job! Despite the dangerous working conditions, there's nothing I'd rather do.
I have dedicated my life to finding a solution to a scientific problem.
I'll never forget the laboratory where I learned my skills, or the other attendants who learned alongside me.
I'm convinced it was sabotage that destroyed my first laboratory and killed many of my friends, and I seek revenge against whoever did it.
I have the schematics for an invention that I hope to build one day, once I have the necessary resources.
A fellow student and I are racing to solve the same scientific puzzle.
I would do anything the guildmaster told me to do.
If there's a plan, I'll probably forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll probably ignore it.
I get bored easily, and if nothing is happening I'll make something happen.
Nothing is ever simple, and if it seems simple, I'll find a way to make it complicated.
I tend to ignore sleep for days when I'm conducting research, often at the expense of my own health and safety.
I'm incapable of admitting a flaw in my logic.
I thrive on esoteric lore. The more obscure the historical references I can include in everyday conversation, the better.
By searching for these lost artifacts, I hope to find who I really am along the way.
I can barely go a minute without talking about my research. I have so much knowledge in my head, and it needs to be let out somewhere!
The spirits of the dead are so much more interesting to talk with than living classmates.
I can speak eloquently about the historical ramifications of an ancient war. But ask me to add two-digit numbers together, and I'm a mess.
In the end, it's all just entropy. Everything falls apart someday.
I speak rarely but mean every word I say.
I laugh loudly and see the humor in stressful situations.
I prefer to solve problems without violence, but I finish fights decisively.
I enjoy being out in nature; poor weather never sours my mood.
I am dependable.
I am always working on some project or other.
I become cantankerous and quiet in the rain.
When the sea is within my sight, my mood is jovial and optimistic.
Success depends on cooperation and communication.
The marines' code provides a solution for every problem, and following it is imperative.
Life is messy. Throwing yourself into the worst of it is necessary to get the job done.
The strong train so that they might rule those who are weak.
To act when others quake in fear—this is the essence of the warrior.
No injury or obstacle can turn me from my goal.
I face danger and evil to offset an unredeemable act in my past.
I. Will. Finish. The. Job.
I must set an example of hope for those who have given up.
I'm searching for a fellow marine captured by an elusive enemy.
Fear leads to tyranny, and both must be eradicated.
My commander betrayed my unit, and I will have revenge.
I grow combative and unpredictable when I drink.
I find civilian life difficult and struggle to say the right thing in social situations.
My intensity can drive others away.
I hold grudges and have difficulty forgiving others.
I become irrational when innocent people are hurt.
I sometimes stay up all night listening to the ghosts of my fallen enemies.
I am always willing to act in accordance with the financial incentive offered.
Debts are never meant to be forgiven.
I am accustomed to enjoying the finest pleasures money can buy.
No one could doubt that I am a cut above the masses of pitiful peasants that infest the city.
I can't stand to spend a bit more than necessary to purchase what I need.
I hate it when people try to make light of a serious situation.
I want to make sure everyone is aware of how wealthy, powerful, and important I am.
I can't think of anything to look forward to.
I will do whatever it takes to become as rich as the oligarchs.
One day, I will be the one giving orders.
I want to be admired, respected, feared, or even hated for my position and wealth.
The economy functions best when chaos is kept under control and everyone knows their place.
I want to live forever—in the flesh as long as possible, and as a spirit afterward.
The unbearable weight of my debt has driven me to desperation.
I value my worldly goods more highly than my mortal life.
An oligarch publicly humiliated me, and I will exact revenge on that whole family.
I want to prove myself more worthy than an older sibling and thereby ensure that I inherit a greater share of my parents' wealth.
I'm convinced that everyone I know is plotting against me.
I'll brave any risk if the monetary reward is great enough.
I am convinced that I am far more important than anyone else is willing to acknowledge.
I have little respect for anyone who isn't wealthy.
I'll take any opportunity to steal from wealthier people, even for worthless trinkets.
I'm the life of the party, and I expect everyone's attention when I walk into a room.
Two weeks ago, I was enthralled with my latest project. Now, I think it's garbage and deserves to be destroyed.
I believe everyone has the ability to express their truest selves through art, and I'm happy to quietly push them in the right direction.
Everyone is a critic, and I work to win them all over.
I'm beset with such an overwhelming sense of ennui regarding my art. Nothing quite captures my attention anymore.
Instead of confronting my negative emotions, I channel them into explosive artistic displays.
When I find a subject I'm interested in, I won't stop studying until I know everything about it. It keeps me up at night.
I hope this all makes sense to me one day. Until then, I'm going to keep faking it.
Equations and patterns come naturally to my mind. I wish friendship came just as easily.
I believe I'm always the smartest person in the room. And I'll prove it, even if no one asks me to.
If life has taught me anything, it's that reality is a lie, and nothing matters. So why bother?
Before I move on, I want to achieve something mathematically impossible. I must leave a legacy!
I revel in mayhem, the more destructive the better.
When violence breaks out, I lose myself in rage, and it's sometimes hard to stop.
Everything is funny to me, and the most hilarious and bloodiest things leave me cackling with sadistic glee.
I derive genuine pleasure from the pain of others.
I enjoy testing other people's patience.
I can't stand it when things are predictable, so I like to add a little chaos to every situation.
I throw my weight around to make sure I get my way.
I enjoy breaking delicate works of art. And fingers, which are sort of the same.
Death comes for everyone, so take as much pleasure as you can from every moment of life.
I strive to find more ways to express my art through pain—my own as well as others'.
People are inspired by the greatness they see in art.
I have belonged to the same performance troupe for years, and these people mean everything to me.
My family is prominent in another guild. I enjoy my wild life, but I don't want to embarrass them.
I couldn't hide my emotions and opinions even if I wanted to.
I resent the rich and powerful.
When I'm angry, I lash out in violence.
There's no such thing as too much pleasure.
I never raise my voice or lose my temper.
I feel the pains and joys of everyone around me, friend or foe.
I would rather make a friend than thwart an enemy.
I'm always straining to peer into another reality that seems to be just beyond my senses.
I'm uneasy if I can't see plants growing or feel soil beneath my feet.
Seeing illness or injury in any creature saddens me.
I have much to be proud of, but I am still just one strand in the grand, interwoven tapestry of life.
Nature offers rich and abundant metaphors for understanding the complexities of life.
Nothing is more beautiful than voices and actions aligned in common purpose.
Like a well-pruned tree, society thrives when everything is kept in good order.
Preserving life and nature is always a worthwhile endeavor.
Ambition and pride are the roots of strife.
I love beasts and plants of all kinds, and am loath to harm them.
A healer nursed me to recovery from a mortal illness.
Every member of the conclave is my kin, and I would fight for any one of them.
I'm terrified of getting into a fight where my side is outnumbered.
I assume that people mean well until they prove otherwise.
I enjoy comfort and quiet, and prefer to avoid extra effort.
I have a fierce temper that doesn't reflect the inner calm I seek.
I love talking and being heard more than I like to listen.
I'm extremely fond of puzzles.
I thrive under pressure.
I love sketching and designing objects, especially boats.
I'm not afraid of hard work—in fact, I prefer it.
A pipe, an ale, and the smell of the sea: paradise.
I have an endless supply of cautionary tales related to the sea.
I don't mind getting my hands dirty.
If everyone on deck pitches in, we'll never sink.
A ship must be balanced according to the laws of the universe.
Make what you need out of whatever is at hand.
To measure a being and find it lacking is the greatest disappointment.
Muddied water always clears in time.
The horizon at sea holds the greatest promise.
I must visit all the oceans of the world and behold the ships that sail there.
Much of the treasure I claim will be used to enrich my community.
I repair broken things to redeem what's broken in myself.
I don't know when to throw something away. You never know when it might be useful again.
I get frustrated to the point of distraction by shoddy craftsmanship.
Though I am an excellent crafter, my work tends to look as though it belongs on a ship.
I am so obsessed with sketching my ideas for elaborate inventions that I sometimes forget little thing like eating and sleeping.
I'm judgmental of those who are not skilled with tools of some kind.
I sometimes take things that don't belong to me, especially if they are very well made.
I can't wait to see what I become next!
I am convinced that everything inclines toward constant improvement.
I'm eager to explain every detail of my most intricate experiments and theories to anyone who shows the least bit of interest.
I assume that everyone needs even the most basic concepts explained to them.
I describe everything that happens as if it were going into my research notes (and it often is).
I am insatiably curious about the seemingly infinite forms and adaptations of life.
I can't resist prying into anything forbidden, since it must be terribly interesting.
I employ a highly technical vocabulary to avoid imprecision and ambiguity in my communication.
All life is meant to progress toward perfection, and our work is to hurry it along—no matter what must be upended along the way.
Understanding the world is more important than what you do with your knowledge.
I want to reshape the world into higher forms of life so that all can enjoy evolution.
It's foolish to let emotions and principles interfere with the conclusions of logic.
My vast intellect and strength are directed toward increasing my sway over others.
The laboratory where I did my research contains everything that is precious to me.
Everything I do is an attempt to impress someone I love.
I'm more interested in taking notes on monstrous anatomy than in fighting monsters.
Every social situation I'm in seems to lead to my asking rude personal questions.
I'm supremely confident in my ability to adapt to any situation and handle any danger.
I'll take any risk to earn recognition for my scientific brilliance.
I have a tendency to take shortcuts in my research and any other tasks I have to complete.
I love being on the water but hate fishing.
I think of everything in terms of monetary value.
I never stop smiling.
Nothing rattles me; I have a lie for every occasion.
I love gold but won't cheat a friend.
I enjoy doing things others believe to be impossible.
I become wistful when I see the sun rise over the ocean.
I am no common criminal; I am a mastermind.
Heaps of coins in a secure vault is all I dream of.
I uphold the unwritten rules of the smugglers, who do not cheat one another or directly harm innocents.
I'll do nearly anything if it means I turn a profit.
I smuggle only to achieve a greater goal that benefits my community.
For all my many lies, I place a high value on friendship.
I am most happy when risking everything.
My vessel was stolen from me, and I burn with the desire to recover it.
I intend to become the leader of the network of smugglers that I belong to.
I owe a debt that cannot be repaid in money.
After one last job, I will retire from the business.
I was tricked by a fellow smuggler who stole something precious from me. I will find that thief.
I give most of my profits to a charitable cause, and I don't like to brag about it.
Lying is reflexive, and I sometimes engage in it without realizing.
I tend to assess my relationships in terms of profit and loss.
I believe everyone has a price and am cynical toward those who present themselves as virtuous.
I struggle to trust the words of others.
Few people know the real me.
Though I act charming, I feel nothing for others and don't know what friendship is.
I prefer to keep my thoughts to myself.
I indulge vice in excess to quiet my conscience.
I've left emotion behind me. I'm now perfectly placid.
Some event from the past keeps worming its way into my mind, making me restless.
I always keep my word—except when I'm commanded to break it.
I laugh off insults and never take them personally.
The penalty for disloyalty is death.
I cannot fail. Not ever.
People should not respect power. They should fear it.
My orders are important, but my comrades are worth more than anything. I would die for them.
Everything I've done, I've done to protect someone close to me.
I drink to dull the pain in the back of my head.
I can hear the voices of everyone I've killed. I see their faces. I can't be free of these ghosts.
Fear is a powerful motivator. I will do whatever it takes to prevent those who know what I am from seeing me fail, and from those I care about from knowing what I am.
I love brewing up a new recipe, even if some might be repulsed by my choice of ingredients. Or the final product. Or both.
My fashion sense is like my garden: withered, black, and weird.
I'm going to befriend every single monster in this swamp if it's the last thing I do.
Everything in this world dies eventually. The question is, what will you do with the time you have left?
Don't interrupt me; I'm brooding.